README.md, before:

# PIO LED PWM
A POC to create an object-oriented HAL/API for the TM4C123g MCU,
geared toward recreating the sample app.

## MCU concepts
- port
- pin
- peripheral
  - gpio
- clock

https://github.com/yuvadm/tiva-c/blob/master/boards/ek-tm4c123gxl/qs-rgb/qs-rgb.c

https://github.com/libopencm3/libopencm3-examples/blob/master/examples/tiva/lm4f/stellaris-ek-lm4f120xl/miniblink/miniblink.c

https://libopencm3.org/docs/latest/stm32l0/html/group__timer__file.html

https://web.eece.maine.edu/~zhu/book/TivaC/EK-TM4C123GXL%20Rev%20A%20Schematic.pdf

[Good overview guide to the TM4C123G MCU](https://microcontrollerslab.com/introduction-tiva-tm4c123g-launchpad/)

[Datasheet](https://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/tm4c123gh6pm.pdf)

[User Manual with examples](https://www.ti.com/seclit/ml/ssqu015/ssqu015.pdf)

## PWM notes
- 11.3.2.5 PWM Mode
- 11.4.5 PWM Mode
- 1.3.4.4 CCP Pins
- Table 10-2. GPIO Pins and Alternate Functions (64LQFP)
- GPIOAFSEL (GPIO/peripheral)
- GPIODR2R, GPIODR4R, ... (pin drive mA)
- Figure 10-1. Digital I/O Pads
- Register 22: GPIO Port Control (GPIOPCTL), offset 0x52C
- Table 23-5. GPIO Pins and Alternate Functions

Commit message:

minor code cleanup
WIP timer PWM

normalize class names

WIP separating timer and timer block

extract RegisterAccess

wip sort out registers, add alternate function

wip try unlocl

offsets for timer A, B

refactor rename Timer to TimerBlock

some code cleanup

extract pwm-timer

WIP try to get PWM modules working

extract the pwm module code

small code cleanup

cleanup awkward pin index enum

extract clock setup for blink

minor clean up, docs

add delay to get timer setup working

remove unneeded unlock for timer

fix power up glitch

WIP trying to debug no gpio output

WIP get PWM of PF1 (red) working

use prebuilt templated timer block

WIP trying to parameterize timer block base address

get both red and green on pwm

add timer parameter to setup pwm

remove dead code

refactor use RegisterBit

clean up some documentation

refactor: extract timer from timer block

more refactoring

eliminate some compiler warnings

use more templates

more template migration

more timer migration

more timer migrtion

complete timer migration

get the pwm working fully

remove dead code

clean up compiler warnings

make LED flash using PWM prescalers

rename to timer block

refactor pull timerblock out of pwm setup

move timerblock out of pwm setup

write up current API dead end

README.md, after:

# PIO LED PWM
A POC to create an object-oriented HAL/API for the TM4C123g MCU,
geared toward recreating the sample app.

## MCU concepts
- port
- pin
- peripheral
  - gpio
- clock

## PWM notes
- 11.3.2.5 PWM Mode
- 11.4.5 PWM Mode
- 1.3.4.4 CCP Pins
- Table 10-2. GPIO Pins and Alternate Functions (64LQFP)
- GPIOAFSEL (GPIO/peripheral)
- GPIODR2R, GPIODR4R, ... (pin drive mA)
- Figure 10-1. Digital I/O Pads
- Register 22: GPIO Port Control (GPIOPCTL), offset 0x52C
- Table 23-5. GPIO Pins and Alternate Functions

## Links and references
[Simple PWM example using the library](https://www.egr.msu.edu/classes/ece480/capstone/fall15/group09/appnotes/JoshuaLambApplicationNote.pdf)

https://github.com/yuvadm/tiva-c/blob/master/boards/ek-tm4c123gxl/qs-rgb/qs-rgb.c

https://github.com/libopencm3/libopencm3-examples/blob/master/examples/tiva/lm4f/stellaris-ek-lm4f120xl/miniblink/miniblink.c

https://libopencm3.org/docs/latest/stm32l0/html/group__timer__file.html

[Tiva TM4C123G Lanchpad schematic](https://web.eece.maine.edu/~zhu/book/TivaC/EK-TM4C123GXL%20Rev%20A%20Schematic.pdf)

[Good overview guide to the TM4C123G MCU](https://microcontrollerslab.com/introduction-tiva-tm4c123g-launchpad/)

[Datasheet](https://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/tm4c123gh6pm.pdf)

[User Manual with examples](https://www.ti.com/seclit/ml/ssqu015/ssqu015.pdf)
